---
layout: post
title: Exploring Values
tags: cultural, dbc
---
##Exploring Values##

###Week 7 of DBC's Remote Prepwork###

###08/02/2015##

When I think of the times in my life when I've been the happiest, the following values come to mind: Ambition, Creativity, Enthusiasm, Adventure, Knowledge, Personal development, Helping others, Accountability, Growth, Community, and Persistence. In general, I always try to live up to these values.

Ambition is a value that is very important to me because I strongly believe that it strengthens my determination to live up to the other values I've mentioned. I feel that it has helped me grow on a personal, educational, and professional level. While the word may carry negative connotations for some, I think it is a positive value. The word gets a bad reputation when it is sometimes associated with selfishness but it can also be fueled by compassion. I believe that it can lead a person to creative something amazing that will be helpful to others. In my case, it has led me down the path to become a developer with the goal of working at a company that has a mission I'm passionate about.

At a tech event, someone asked me how I became comfortable attending them alone and networking with others. I believe it relates strongly to the Accountability value because it helped me become more comfortable in situations I used to feel nervous about. As a person in a career transition, I had to become comfortable with being uncomfortable because I'm starting over. I set mini goals such as talk to one or two people at an event then make sure I follow up.

My values are a lifelong work in progress. Though I try to mediate stereotype threat when I recognize that I feel it, I continue to strive for the best ways to approach it. I've found TED talks such as Amy Cuddy's power posing one to be useful for mediating it. Running helps me when I'm feeling down because when I do, I'm focused on my breathing and form. I feel great while running and after it.