---
layout: post
title: Conflict
tags: cultural, dbc
---
##Conflict##

###Week 8 of DBC's Remote Prepwork###

###08/10/2015###

When I had to do a mandatory pair project at university, I felt I my feelings were not being considered by the person I was paired with. As it was my last year of university, I wanted to do my best work. I was also really interested in the documentary films we had to research and critique. However, there were times when I felt the person I was paired with was not taking it as seriously. For instance, it was very difficult to arrange to meet after school to work on the project. Also, during our first meeting where we had to discuss the films, my partner still did not watch any of the documetaries yet including the one that was only ten minutes long. It was also difficult to keep the assignment on the right track as my pair wanted to share band music with me. At the time, I was upset at the project time that was wasted but was unsure of the best way to speak to my partner about it.

Rather than thinking about the fact that I felt the person was not taking the project as serious as me, I started to focus more on the project itself. Also, I connected with my partner's interests outside of the project helped our teamwork dynamic. Such as, taking down the band recommendation and talking with my partner about it before we started working on our project at the next meeting. I learned a valuable lesson from this about focusing on things I could not control. In the end, our class presentation of the project turned out really well.