---
layout: post
title: Pairing and Feedback
tags: cultural, dbc
---
##Pairing and Feedback##

###Week 5 of DBC's Remote Prepwork###

###07/19/2015##

Feedback and pairing are vital components to Dev Bootcamp's curriculum. As a student, you work on a coding challenge with a peer three times a week and also give feedback to each person you paired with. There are three criteria that we aim to meet when providing feedback. DBC's motto is that feedback should be specific, actionable, and kind.

Pairing has been a good experience so far. Prior to enrolling in DBC, I worked through code challenges on my own. I've found that pairing has helped me progress in my studies a lot quicker than studying on my own. The nice thing about pairing is that if you get stuck, you're not as hard on yourself because your peer is right there with you. When studying programming on your own, it's sometimes easy to get stuck in your head and become more frustrated with yourself when you're struggling to figure something out alone. I believe that pairing has helped me become more comfortable asking others for help.

I think the most difficult part about writing feedback is making it actionable. I think it's natural to feel a bit uncomfortable about providing actionable feedback especially in text form to someone you don't know well. However, when you think about it if we only provided specific and kind feedback all the time, it would be difficult for us to improve. Programming is a lifelong learning process. After rating feedback from others and reading my own, I have been able to learn better feedback practices.